.\" xpac.6
.\"
.TH man 6 "2021-05-30" "Version 0.13" "xpac man page"
.SH NAME
xpac - a vintage clone of Pac-Man™
.SH SYNOPSIS 
.B "xpac"
[\fB-upkey key\fR] 
[\fB-downkey key\fR]
[\fB-leftkey key\fR]
[\fB-rightkey key\fR]
[\fB-quitkey key\fR]
[\fB-framerate num\fR]
[\fB-level num\fR]
[\fB-width units\fR]
[\fB-height units\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.I xpac
- as described by its original author, Peter Warden:
.PP
This is a basic version of pacman. I've tried to concentrate on the essentials
of the game for now, which means a lot of the original features are absent (ie
no scores, no fruit, no special items, no lives). When all the pills have been 
cleared from a level, the difficulty level is notched up, and a new level is
generated. If you collide with a ghost, all the pills are replaced, and you
restart the current level from scratch. A new feature just added is the
presence of large red pills that for a short time turn the ghosts grey and let
you eat them.
.PP
Steering is performed via the WASD keys.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.TP 8

.IP "\fB-upkey key\fR"
To set the up key
.IP "\fB-downkey key\fR"
To set the down key
.IP "\fB-leftkey key\fR"
To set the left key
.IP "\fB-rightkey key\fR"
To set the right key
.IP "\fB-quitkey key\fR"
To set the quit key
.IP "\fB-framerate num\fR"
To set the maximum number of frames that will be displayed per second, so
altering the games speed (default is 15).
.IP "\fB-level num\fR"
To set difficulty level (default is 0).
.IP "\fB-width units\fR"
To specify the width of the playing area, in 16 pixel units (default is 33).
.IP "\fB-height units\fR"
To specify the height of the playing area, in 16 pixel units (default is 33).

.SH AUTHOR
Peter Warden (wardenp@cs.man.ac.uk)

.SH LICENCE
Absolutely no warranty is given for this program.
.PP
Copyright 1996 P. Warden (wardenp@cs.man.ac.uk)
This software may be freely copied and used, but no warranty is given
.PP
MIT License -- Copyright (c) 2021 Kamil J. Dudek

.SH THANKS
"My thanks go to Danny Backx, Garland Stern, Larry Schwimmer, Oeyvind Roetvold
and everybody else who's given their time and expertise to help me improve this
project." -- Peter Warden

